# app-dev
My first repository
# **Joker**
- **Characters**
1. **Arthur Fleck**
  : Arthur Fleck works as a clown-for-hire for a company called Ha-Ha's. He struggles with severe depression personally but finds some form of optimism in performing for others and trying to make people laugh. He is tasked with advertising a store by dancing and waving a sign around. On one such occasion, the sign gets snatched by a group of punk teens, forcing Arthur to chase them into an alley. They smash the sign against his face and proceed to mercilessly kick him while he's down.
2. **Penny Fleck**
   :Penny is Arthur's mother. She is an older woman whose health is fading, making her practically bed-ridden. Penny is also "obsessed with her formeremployer" and is having a tough time accepting her fate. Arthur lives with Penny in order to take care of her.
3. **Murray Franklin**
   :Murray is a talk show host on a late-night television program which airs in Gotham. He plays a role in Arthur's transition from a struggling stand-up comedian into the Joker, and the teaser trailer showed Arthur appearing on Murray's show in his Joker garb
- **Synopsis**
  :The story takes place in Gotham City, 1981. Arthur Fleck (Joaquin Phoenix) works as a clown-for-hire for a company called Ha-Ha's. He struggles with severe depression personally but finds some form of optimism in performing for others and trying to make people laugh. He is tasked with advertising a store by dancing and waving a sign around. On one such occasion, the sign gets snatched by a group of punk teens, forcing Arthur to chase them into an alley. They smash the sign against his face and proceed to mercilessly kick him while he's down. In this era, Gotham is struggling with crime, unemployment, and poverty. Arthur visits a social worker for his medication, as well as his ongoing mental health issues. On the bus ride home, a small child looks at Arthur. He makes silly faces that amuse the boy, but his mother tells Arthur to leave him alone. Arthur begins to laugh hysterically and uncontrollably. When the mother questions him, he hands her a card that explains that he has a mental condition that causes him to laugh the way that he does.Arthur returns home to a high-rise apartment project, where he lives with his ailing mother, Penny (Frances Conroy). After dinner, they sit and watch a TV talk show with host Murray Franklin (Robert DeNiro). Arthur imagines himself being on the show and getting Murray's attention. In his fantasy, Arthur charms the audience and Murray by telling them that he takes care of his mother. Murray relates to Arthur and invites him up on stage in front of everyone, where they share a familial embrace. It is revealed that Penny used to work for Thomas Wayne (Brett Cullen) and is obsessed with the millionaire and has been currently writing to him to try and better their living situation.
